Brother Mo, are you tired?
Do you want to take a break?
It's okay, your brother Mo is busy.
strong
Very strong.
Yo
Isn't this Jiang Da designer?
What's wrong, waiter?
How are you feeling?
It feels great.
Since the rough work, the legs with sore back are thicker
Even my tendinitis
Really?
Believe it or not, I'm going to make you lose this job!
Bitch is so ugly, believe it or not, I'll brush your teeth
Court death, right?
Crazy how dare you hit me
Or the two of you?
Brother Mo
Don't follow my crazy Japanese care to fuck me
Wait a minute.
It just so happens that I have something to show you
What about tomorrow?
It was my wedding to Shen Mo, the richest man in the world
I am the richest woman
Then I will let you die without a burial
Hey
What happened to Shen Mo and Su Yaruo's wedding?
Mr. Shen was arranged by the old lady, maybe it was an oolong?
Hey
Treat the Sun family as relatives
You inform them to take back the dowry
Wedding cancellation yes
This is pretending to call someone
Eyes continue to give
Hello
What wedding was cancelled?